[KIKI]
By the way, Yuzuki.
Yeah?
You appear
to be awfully relaxed,
but what about
your matchmaking meeting?
It's today, right?
Huh?
Isn't that
a pretty important meeting?
Like, the temple's future
depends on it?
I'm going to be so late!
Okay, where's the meeting?
Ryukoku Temple.
The truth is, as things stand,
we're actually supposed
to move out of the temple
as soon as possible.
Huh?
[YUZUKI]
My parents are priests,
but don't reside at the temple.
And since there's
no head priest around,
our family has no right
to live there.
Unless this matchmaking meeting
is a big success,
and a new head priest moves in!
Wow. So you'd get married
just to save the temple?
Are you really okay with that?
It's my decision to make,
and no one else's.
I'm not going to allow
the temple to be closed!
♪
I thought I could do it.
Save the temple.
But maybe it's hopeless.
Yuzuki.
Huh? [gasps]
This is your opportunity
to change.
Huh?
Your kimono, put it on now,
and we'll get out
at the next light!
[YUZUKI]
But--
And we'll borrow this truck
to get where we're going!
It's fine.
As it happens, I used to be
a truck driver, too.
Here we go!
Time to get this kimono on,
and then
we'll break the door down!
That's the spirit!
♪
[AKEMITSU] Not long ago,
on a road not far away,
Yuzuki races to Ryukoku Temple
aboard the borrowed truck,
so she can save her people
and restore freedom.
[engine revving]
Kiki. The temple.
We can't let it close.
Well, if you want
to become the head priest,
it's going to take three years.
Right.
And this temple
won't last that long.
I know that.
I'm hiring a matchmaker.
[engine revving]
[broom swishing]
[priest 04A shouts]
[tires screeching]
[truck crashes]
Ah! We made it!
-[groans]
-[YUZUKI] Pardon me.
I'm here
for the matchmaking meeting!
So you're Yuzuki Aoba?
Hey, Akagami!
Can I help you?
I want to thank you
for getting me all this way.
I'm sure
that I can handle the rest.
Yeah!
Any guy would fall for you!
Trust me on that!
-[Yuzuki laughs]
-[engine sizzling]
[AKEMITSU]
Uh, hold on. What's funny?
♪
All right! I'll see you later!
Go knock them dead!
[AKEMITSU]
I guess this is it.
Yuzuki will be getting married.
Which means
we'll have to say our goodbyes.
I can hardly go on living
with her and her new husband.
-Farewell.
-Hm...
I wish you all the best.
Hm?
[AKEMITSU]
Do I know you?
[NUN]
Who are you?
And where are you supposed to be
right now?
[AKEMITSU]
I'm not sure what you mean.
[NUN]
You're wearing work clothes,
so you must be associated
with the temple.
Let's have you tidy up the yard.
Huh? But I'm not-- I don't--
[stuttering]
My name is Yuzuki Aoba.
First of all,
I'd like to thank you
for having me here.
My pleasure.
I appreciate your traveling
all this way.
Oh, and my name's Hoan Kijo.
It's so very nice to meet you.
Ah, forgive me,
but why would you seek
a matchmaker
at your young age?
Well, mainly
because I love my temple
-and all the people there.
-[HOAN] I see.
Mm. My dear family and friends.
You should come visit some time,
so I can introduce you.
They're the warmest,
kindest, most dependable people
you'd ever want to meet.
Even now,
they're supporting me from afar.
-[broom swishing]
-Hm?
[YUZUKI]
Or from right over there!
Anyway,
that could be a lookalike.
[AKEMITSU]
I'm conflicted.
The sight of Yuzuki meeting
with another man
makes me feel great sadness!
And yet,
the sight of her alluring figure
makes me feel...
It makes me feel...
Akagami?
Look at me.
[grunting]
Desires, begone!
[YUZUKI]
Nope, that's definitely him!
[HOAN]
Is something the matter?
No, why?
[HOAN] Well, you seem nervous
all of a sudden.
Nervous? Not at all!
Just relax.
Try to imagine that your family
and friends are here now,
looking on.
[YUZUKI] Relax? I'm nervous
because I don't have to imagine!
[AKEMITSU]
Desires, begone!
[YUZUKI]
What should I do?
What were we even talking about?
[AKEMITSU]
Ah. Yuzuki's clearly upset.
My presence here must be having
a negative effect on her.
Better find a place to hide.
[grunting]
Excuse me, young fellow.
Come here, please.
[AKEMITSU]
It's that pushy nun again.
[birds chirping]
Huh.
[Yuzuki whimpers]
So, the matchmaker
was struck with a sudden illness
and is sadly unable to attend.
Therefore, I, Akagami,
will take their place.
[YUZUKI]
[whimpers] What's going on?
[AKEMITSU]
I'm sorry!
[grunts]
The least I can do now
is play Cupid for them.
So, milady.
[YUZUKI]
"Milady?"
Are you ready to get started?
[YUZUKI]
Uh, sure.
Now, milord.
"Milord?"
[AKEMITSU]
What would you describe
as an ideal date
with your sweetheart?
Well,
I do like going to the movies.
I've gotten used to going
by myself,
but I'd enjoy
having some company.
[YUZUKI]
Things are progressing nicely!
Maybe I don't need to worry.
[AKEMITSU]
A movie? How dare he?
Huh?
[AKEMITSU]
Sitting together,
side by side
in a darkened theater?
How embarrassing.
[growling]
[YUZUKI]
You look like a demon, Akagami!
[AKEMITSU]
I'm no demon.
I'm Cupid.
-Moving right along.
-Huh?
How do you spend your days off?
Luxuriating at a hot springs.
[AKEMITSU]
Hot springs?
[giggles]
Do you mind if I join you?
[grunting]
Akagami, are you okay?
Please,
don't you worry about me.
Alrighty then, milord.
What are your plans
for after you marry?
I've always imagined
having about ten kids.
[moans]
I want your babies.
Put them in me.
-[shouts]
-Akagami!
[Akemitsu whimpers]
[grunting]
[YUZUKI]
Uh... I apologize.
No need.
It's clear your friends
are everything you said.
Huh?
[HOAN] I'm not exactly sure
what he was doing here,
but I know he wasn't trying
to cause trouble.
I have
a pretty good track record
as a judge of character.
I think your friend
just wanted to make sure
you were okay.
I didn't sense any dishonesty
in his behavior.
[YUZUKI]
Dishonesty.
[YUZUKI'S MOTHER]
Listen, Yuzuki.
You must never tell a lie.
[YUZUKI]
That's right.
Never tell a lie.
Is something the matter?
[YUZUKI]
Kijo, I'm so sorry.
You see, the truth is
I have no intention of marrying.
[KIKI] So what you really want
is to find a man
who can take over as head priest
of Mikazuki Temple?
Yes.
[KIKI]
And then you'll marry him?
I know it's not exactly
straightforward.
So what's the problem?
Simply go through the motions.
Huh?
[Kiki chuckles]
You need to buy time
till you can become a nun.
[YUZUKI]
Uh, yes, but--
[KIKI] We'll tell people
your fiance will be taking over
after you're married.
You get yourself engaged,
drag it out for three years,
and then break it off.
[YUZUKI]
Mm...
Sounds like we're scamming him.
Nonsense!
He gets to live the fantasy
of being engaged
to a beautiful young woman.
So a total scam, then.
[KIKI]
If you end up really liking him,
then you can always go through
with the wedding.
[YUZUKI] What if he wants
to get married sooner?
[KIKI]
"Sorry to make you wait,
but I have to focus
on my studies!"
Fob him off
with some line like that.
Hm...
All right,
I'll give it my best shot.
Well said! That's the spirit.
Go find
some poor slob of a priest
and string the loser along!
[YUZUKI] Kiki, do you have
something against priests?
-Mm...
-[HOAN] I understand.
So then,
what you're really after
is someone to help you
keep your temple open.
[YUZUKI]
Yes.
[HOAN] And that's the reason
you hired a matchmaker.
I'm truly sorry.
I just couldn't lie to you
anymore.
Please...
I know I have no right
to ask this,
but would you still consider
an engagement?
-[inhales]
-[YUZUKI] If you did, I--
We'd have all the time we need!
You're an awfully direct person.
I like that.
It's very endearing.
But you're also young.
And based on everything I hear,
Mikazuki Temple
is perpetually broke
and understaffed.
And the main temple
is in desperate need
of some repair work.
But I--
[HOAN]
Do you think you'll be able
to satisfy your parishioners?
If you can't
take care of yourself,
then how will you save others?
-[whimpers]
-[HOAN] In the long run,
keeping that temple open isn't
going to make anyone happy.
I can't be the only one
who's had that thought,
or else it wouldn't be in danger
of being shut down.
[YUZUKI]
I hear you.
But they're--
Ah, it's not--
[HOAN]
Try to understand.
[HOAN] Mikazuki Temple
isn't worth protecting.
Still, I'm going to take over!
Oh.
To think things
were as dire as this,
and it's all
because of my family's debt.
At this point,
the least I can do
is give my life
-to restore the temple's image!
-[YUZUKI] What?
How would that help our image
in any way?
[AKEMITSU] Milord,
might you grant us
a second chance at this meeting?
It's Akagami, wasn't it?
If the temple
were to be shut down,
that would be
to your benefit as well.
Huh?
[HOAN] Your service obligation
would be over.
You'd be able to pay off
your debt over time,
comfortably.
[YUZUKI]
He's right.
It's good for Akagami, too.
[HOAN] Now,
I believe this meeting is over.
Listen.
Mikazuki Temple isn't needed.
[AKEMITSU]
You're wrong.
Twice already,
that temple and Yuzuki saved me.
Akagami.
♪
[AKEMITSU]
Mikazuki Temple isn't worthless.
It serves a valuable purpose.
[HOAN]
You feel it should stay open?
[AKEMITSU]
I do.
Know this, Yuzuki will
likely suffer greatly.
The challenges
of running a temple are many,
and her suffering
will be compounded
by that of her family
and parishioners.
She may fail.
Things may get
a whole lot worse.
What do you intend to do
when she can't take it anymore?
♪
I will support her.
Huh?
[HOAN]
Oh? And do you really mean that?
From this point on,
you swear
you'll make Yuzuki Aoba happy?
-Hm?
-I do!
Hm?
You promise you'll stay with her
in sickness and in health?
-Eh?
-I do!
Hey! Wait! [whimpering]
[HOAN]
You vow to care for each other
and build
a bright and happy future
with your family?
-[AKEMITSU] I do!
-Ah, where is this going?
Show me, then,
the value of that temple.
Prove to me
that the ideals of children
can overcome
the harshness of reality.
Very well, Yuzuki Aoba.
Ah! Yeah?
[HOAN] I'm willing
to accept your proposal.
[YUZUKI]
Huh?
However,
I'm lending you my name.
No more.
[YUZUKI, AKEMITSU]
Thank you so much!
[crows cawing]
[door sliding]
-[NUN] Hoan.
-[HOAN] Hm?
I thought I asked you
to convince her
that shuttering the temple
was for the best.
She brought a strange boy
with her. Threw me.
You must have been curious
about him, too.
Or you wouldn't have pulled him
into the meeting.
Correct, High Priest Aoba?
[AOBA]
Akagami.
Then he's that man's son.
♪
[YUZUKI] Ah,
too bad we missed the last bus.
[AKEMITSU]
Eh, no big deal.
I don't mind
walking to the station.
[YUZUKI]
Hey, I'm really sorry.
[AKEMITSU]
For what?
[YUZUKI]
Never mind.
[AKEMITSU]
Okay, then.
I'm glad the matchmaking meeting
went well.
So you're getting engaged,
but not going through
with the marriage.
Ah, does that mean
I'm not going to have to move
out of the temple after all?
Of course, you won't.
Yahoo! All right!
[laughs]
Go me!
Yeah!
[Akemitsu laughs]
Uh, what the-- Yuzuki?
-[Akemitsu grunting]
-[YUZUKI] Sorry!
I just have no idea what my face
looks like right now.
[Akemitsu grunting]
Thank you, Akagami.
-Uh...
-Huh?
Your eyes are watery,
and your face is all red!
I wasn't asking you to tell me!
[AKEMITSU]
Do you have allergies?
[YUZUKI]
How can you be this stupid?
[train chugging]
[STATION ANNOUNCER 04A]
The last train
has now made its departure
from the station.
Service has concluded
for the day,
and the exits
are about to be closed.
Please leave the station
immediately.
Thank you.
-[AKEMITSU] Uh, taxi, then?
-Let's do it!
Except there aren't any here!
[sighs]
And I won't be able
to call one, either.
My phone's totally dead.
What about yours?
[AKEMITSU]
Mine's in itty-bitty pieces.
[YUZUKI]
How did that happen?
What now? It's getting cold.
Ow! [whimpers]
A blister.
[AKEMITSU]
That's not good.
We're going to have to find
someplace to rest.
-[YUZUKI] Huh?
-[AKEMITSU] Hm?
♪
[grunting]
No, no, no, no, no.
[giggles]
[AKEMITSU]
It's not like that!
She's definitely not coming on
to you, Akemitsu Akagami!
And now that we're clear
on that,
desires, begone!
-[YUZUKI] So, uh...
-Uh.
Shall we, then?
[AKEMITSU]
Yuzuki?
[Yuzuki giggles]
[AKEMITSU] How can you suggest
such a thing so casually?
[YUZUKI] Look,
I'm not trying to make it weird.
But this place seems
to be our only option.
That's beside the point, here!
A young man and woman can't
just walk into a love hotel
and check in!
Huh?
[AKEMITSU]
And yet somehow,
that's exactly
what just happened!
[YUZUKI]
Wow!
Isn't this place amazing?
Yes, it is.
And it's way cleaner
than I expected!
Uh, that's for sure!
[YUZUKI] Looks like
we'll be able to order food.
[AKEMITSU]
Perfectly handled, Yuzuki.
You've averted
any potential awkwardness.
[YUZUKI] They've got karaoke
and games, too!
[AKEMITSU] And now I'll avert
my eyes from that wall.
-[YUZUKI] Check it out, Akagami!
-Hm?
[YUZUKI] They've got
some cosplay costumes!
[grunts]
[AKEMITSU]
Yuzuki! What are you thinking?
Why, oh, why must you provoke
my worldly desires?
Calm down.
Yuzuki's simply trying to ease
the tension in her own way.
They have videos, too.
-And some of them are naughty.
-Ah!
Desires, begone!
-[gasping]
-Sorry about that.
Guess I got
a little carried away.
[AKEMITSU]
This is fine.
[Akemitsu whimpering]
[whimpers]
[YUZUKI]
Akagami?
Yes, what?
Um, go ahead and take a shower.
[AKEMITSU] Is she trying
to tell me she's up for it?
[water drops]
[AKEMITSU]
No way. That's ridiculous.
Yuzuki would never try
to seduce me.
[ACTRESS 04A]
[moans] Oh, yeah.
[AKEMITSU] She made
a considerate suggestion,
because she knows I'm exhausted.
-[actress 04A moans]
-[whimpers]
[AKEMITSU] There's nothing
inappropriate going on here.
Period.
-[actress 04A moans]
-[whimpers]
Yuzuki,
I'm all done in the showe--
-[TV beeps]
-[YUZUKI] Hm!
Are you okay?
[YUZUKI]
Yup.
I'll go take a bath.
Yeah, go for it. Hm.
Hm?
-[TV beeps]
-[ACTRESS 04A] Yes!
[AKEMITSU]
Wait.
Yuzuki was watching
one of those videos?
Could it be the real reason
she so generously
let me bathe first
was to get me out of the way?
You totally nailed it, Akagami.
That Yuzuki is a closet pervert.
And don't you ever forget it.
[AKEMITSU] I have no idea
what my next move is, here!
[AKEMITSU]
What's to be confused about?
Just get on top of her, already!
That has to be
what she's hoping for, right?
Show her what kind of man
you really are!
Agreed.
Do nothing,
and you'll embarrass her.
[AKEMITSU] Shouldn't they be
disagreeing with each other?
Come on, be honest.
This is what you want, too,
isn't it?
I've had enough of you!
Wait.
Violence is never the answer.
-Climb the stairs...
-Of adulthood.
Damn it all!
-[thuds]
-grunts]
[AKEMITSU] I made a promise
that I'd support her.
That's right.
I'll protect you
even from myself!
[water splashing]
Oh,
so what's what those kinds
of videos are like.
That bath is enormous.
Also, why do they have a mat
in here?
Crazy.
I'm really in a love hotel.
So, uh...
What do I do?
Maybe if I warm up,
I can calm down.
[sighs]
Ah, calming down has only made
my feelings of embarrassment
more acute!
Honestly, what on earth
did I think I was doing?
By bringing him here
and then acting all excited,
I made it seem like I'm hoping
something will happen!
Have I created
a huge misunderstanding?
Or are Akagami and I about to--
♪
I will support her.
Ah...
I do!
[water splashing]
[door sliding]
[YUZUKI]
Ah...
If it's true,
If Akagami wants me...
In that case, I suppose I--
Huh?
Uh...
[AKEMITSU]
It's all right, Yuzuki.
You're perfectly safe.
No harm will come your way
tonight.
Ah...
[AKEMITSU]
You have nothing to worry about.
-[YUZUKI] Hm.
-[groans]
♪
[AKEMITSU]
Yuzuki?
Why did you blindfold me?
-Yuzuki? Hey, Yuzuki!
-[Yuzuki grunts]
[AKEMITSU] What do I do
if I have to go to the bathroom?
Yuzuki?
You're still there, right?
[YUZUKI]
Stupid.
[AKEMITSU]
Hey!
I hit the bulls-eye!
Huh?
Took me long enough.
Uh-huh.
[giggles]
Is this about archery?
Mm...
You're trying too hard.